- [Instructor] Schema.SQL and data.SQL
are good for initialization.
But, real world databases change over time.
Flyway is a database migration tool that controls
triggering of version database migration scripts.
So, let's add it to our application.
So, I have it already in the pom.xml.
There's the dependency, org.flywaydd.
With the artifactID, flyway-core.
And if you look at the resources folder,
the data.SQL and schema.SQL are gone.
And there's a new folder called db/migration.
And what these files are, they are scripts that are taken
from the schema and data files and they've been
broken up into a series of versioned db scripts.
And the order is defined by the version
number prefix of the file.
Flyway will know if a script is already been run
on the database.
So, there is no need
for the spring.datasource.continueonerror
setting in applications.property.
So before we try it, we wanna make sure that the database
container does not already exist and remove it if it is.
So, the containers not running.
So, let's grab the command line to actually launch it.
And then we want
to start the mysql client.
To actually interact with that.
So, we'll change to our explore Kali database.
We don't have any tables set up yet,
so let's run our application.
Make sure you rebuild, get all the dependencies.
Back to the mysql client.
Now we see we have a new table called Flyway schema history.
Let's look and see what's inside that table.
And we see that all six migration scripts,
each one creating a new version of the database have run.
So, after running add users, the version of the database
is 2.2 and we would relaunch this application.
Only the scripts with the prefix
later than 2.2 would run.
So, let's actually make sure we're all good
and see if we have our tours.
Yep, just 30 rows.
So, as you're data model evolves over time,
use tools like Flyway Migrate
to manage triggering of scripts.